[C#] overflow new exercise (#1867)
exercism/v3: languages/csharp/exercises/concept/overflow/.docs/after.md

The exercise shows the behavior of various numeric types when they overflow, i.e. when their capacity is insufficient to contain the value resulting from a computation such as an arithmetic operation or cast.

> - unsigned [integers][integral-numeric-types] (`byte`, `ushort`, `uint`, `ulong`) will wrap around to zero (the type's maximum value + 1 acts as a modulus) unless [broadly speaking][checked-compiler-setting] they appear within a [`checked`][checked-and-unchecked] block in which case an instance of `OverflowException` is thrown. `int` and `long` will behave similarly except that they wrap around to `int.MinValue` and `long.minValue` respectively.

Reviewer: When testing things, I just found at that the C# compiler can detect overflows when using constants:

```csharp
var expr = int.MaxValue + 1;
```

This code leads to a compiler error:

>  Program.cs(19, 28): [CS0220] The operation overflows at compile time in checked mode

Might be nice to mention this somewhere too.

Author: Done

```csharp

> var xx = new Random().Next();
> checked
> {
>     int expr = int.MaxValue * xx;  // overflow exception is thrown
> }
> 
> // or
> 
> int expr2 = checked(int.MaxValue * xx);  // overflow exception is thrown

Reviewer: We could get rid of the `Random` bit by introducing a variable, with which we can increment by one to hopefully even more clearly show the overflow:

```suggestion
int one = 1;
checked
{
    int expr = int.MaxValue + one;  // overflow exception is thrown
}

// or

int expr2 = checked(int.MaxValue + one);  // overflow exception is thrown
```

```

- the `checked` state applies only to expressions directly in the block. Overflow states in called functions are not caught.

> - [`float` and `double`][floating-point-numeric-types] types will adopt a state of _infinity_ that can be tested wtih `float.IsInfinity()` etc.

Reviewer: Maybe we can add a floating overflow example too?

Author: Done

- Numbers of type [`decimal`][floating-point-numeric-types] will cause an instance of `OverflowException` to be thrown.

> - There is a corresponding `unchecked` keyword for circumstances where you want to reverse the effect of `checed` inside a `checked` block or when the compiler setting has been used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is a corresponding `unchecked` keyword for circumstances where you want to reverse the effect of `unchecked` inside a `checked` block or when the compiler setting has been used.
```

Reviewer: Maybe have an example for this?

Overflows that occur without an exception being thrown can be problematic because it's generally true that the earlier an error condition can be reported the better.

Problems with overflows for `int` and `float` can be mitigated by assigning the result to a variable of type `long`, `decimal` or `double`.

If large integers are essential to your code then using the [`BigInteger`][big-integer] type is an option.

> Naturally there are occasions on which it is legitimate to allow an integer to wrap around particularly in the case of unsigned values. A classic case is that of hash codes that use the width of the integer as a kind of modulo.

Reviewer: Really nice example!
